If I die, all of you will die.
You wave again, all the hands and feet you do,
They have all been demolished by my people, no need to move them.
Who said you have to hit with your hands?
With my physical strength, as long as the zero in my palm is one year old,
Physical strength will be passed on by itself.
Anyway, I just can’t resist it at all,
No matter what, I will ask them to stay with me!
If I move again, my physical strength is not for you to deal with rebels!
Who made the god scroll be transferred to me?
I can do whatever I want
What about you and me?
So what do you want?
Someone's coming. I want to take it down in a moment.
Door wooden platform walking
You only dare to understand Liuwu fart
Our Chinese Menmu has been around long enough
Is it time for the original owner?
We will not miss your chance to die.
Dare to face the opposition of our hometown
He is now studying in our hometown
I'm afraid it's too late to let us die.
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come